Add blog for the Kubeflow Community Survey 2021 (#79)
kubeflow/blog: _posts/2021-03-19-kubeflow-continues-to-move-to-production.md

The Spring 2021 [Kubeflow](http://kubeflow.org/) Community User Survey collected input from Kubeflow users on the benefits, gaps and requirements for machine learning use cases. It is the largest survey to date with 179 responses—a 50% increase from the [Kubeflow 1.0 Community User Survey](https://medium.com/kubeflow/kubeflow-community-user-survey-fall-2019-a84776c71743) a year ago. The Survey respondents span a spectrum of skill sets. While 42% are machine learning (ML) engineers, and 24% are ML architects, the titles of the respondents vary from DevOps Engineers to data scientists and product managers.

![alt_text](images/2021-03-11-survey/image1.png)

# Kubeflow Continues to Move Into Production

Forty eight percent of users are supporting deployments that are in production, up from 15% last year. Further, one question that many folks have is “do people upgrade a production deployment or just install a new cluster and start over?”. It appears that the latter is far more common: just 8% have upgraded their environment.

![alt_text](images/2021-03-11-survey/image2.png)

> Similar to previous years, Kubeflow Pipelines and Notebooks are the most popular components, but other components are now being widely deployed as well. Interest in TensorBoard has grown, joining KFServing, Katib (Hyperparameter Tuning), and Distributed Training as top additional services.

Reviewer: I think we can name Katib is an AutoML system to be more precise.
```suggestion
Similar to previous years, Kubeflow Pipelines and Notebooks are the most popular components, but other components are now being widely deployed as well. Interest in TensorBoard has grown, joining KFServing, Katib (AutoML), and Distributed Training as top additional services.
```

*   Metadata storage and versioning
*   More robust access control and permission granularity for model/data sharing
*   More visibility on your roadmap
*   Installation patterns, stability, multi tenancy
*   More real life case studies
*   Updated and more in-depth documentation

# Key Takeaways 

In addition to learning about how users are operating Kubeflow in production clusters, the Community Survey has given us important data that we can use to enhance our processes: 

*   Improvements to the release management process, which is being driven by better inter-Working Group collaboration. This, coupled with core upgrades to Istio and a clean-up of the installation manifests, will improve the testing, documentation, and installation patterns.
*   Automation of pipeline building and feature engineering tasks, especially with continued integrations of Kubeflow with Kale and Feast, which are enabling new end-to-end workflows and tutorials.
*   Enhancements for data preprocessing and transformation as well as streamlined connections of Data Pipelines to ML Pipelines.  Additionally, a renewed effort to develop a Spark operator.

> *   Several new UIs are under development i.e. Hyperparameter Tuning, Model Management, Volumes Management and TensorBoard Management, which will help the user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Several new UIs are under development i.e. Katib, Model Management, Volumes Management and TensorBoard Management, which will help the user experience.
```

Author: Fiixed in both places, thanks!
